When she called my, I was having a rest.
She was cooking something very tasty when I came home.
We were getting more and more nervous, while we were waiting for the exam results.
I was working all day yesterday. 
When he called my, I was staying at home.
When I was trying to fall asleep, I heard a very strange noise.
What were you doing there?
The sun was shining very brightly and the birds were signing.
When I got a call form him, I was walking somewhere in the park.
When I was working, they were having a rest.
While we were waiting for this announcement, we were getting more and more nervous.
I was learning English all day yesterday.
When I woke up the sun was shining very brightly.
When I saw them, they were playing at the stadium.
When I was trying to fall asleep, the boys were playing very loudly.
To tell the truth, I was waiting for this news with impatience.
When we were waiting, we were getting more and more nervous.
What were you doing there? I was waiting for my friend.
I was waiting for your answer with impatience.
When I came home, I drank a cup of tea.
When I came home, she was cooking something.
I was watching this video yesterday at this time.
I was staying at home all day yesterday.
When I came home, I fell asleep.
When she called my, I was thinking about her.
When I was trying to fall asleep, the men were talking about something very loudly.
I was reading a very thrilling story yesterday at three o'clock in the afternoon.
I fell asleep when he came home.
I was waiting for your message.
To tell the truth, I was waiting for your answer with impatience.